Redistributing the content of the Feed definition back to subject (and removing the Feed definition) (#237)
ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture: draft-ietf-scitt-architecture.md

: a state where it is possible for a Transparency Service to provide different views of its Append-only log to Relying Parties about the same Artifact {{EQUIVOCATION}}.

Issuer:

> : an identifier that represents the organization, stakeholder, or user responsible for creating Statements about supply chain Artifacts and Receipts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: an identifier that represents the organization, device, user or entity responsible for creating Statements about supply chain Artifacts and Receipts.
```

> : an identifier that represents the organization, device, user or entity responsible for securing Statements about supply chain Artifacts and Receipts.

Reviewer 2: replacing "attesting" with "securing" seems a bit confusing as what does "securing mean". Issuers make statements about artifacts. That is synonymous with Issuers attest...
```suggestion
: an identifier representing an organization, device, user, or entity attesting to Statements about supply chain Artifacts.
```

Reviewer: I don't think we should us the word "attest"

Author: I reverted 'attesting to' to 'securing'. @SteveLasker, that good enough?

Subject:

> : an identifier that represents the Artifact about which Statements (and Receipts) are made and by which a logical collection of Statements about the same Artifact can be grouped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: an identifier that represents the organization, device, user, entity or Artifact about which Statements (and Receipts) are made and by which a logical collection of Statements can be grouped.
```

> : an identifier that represents the organization, device, user, entity or Artifact about which Statements (and Receipts) are made and by which a logical collection of Statements can be grouped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: an identifier that represents the organization, device, user, entity or Artifact about which Statements (and Receipts) are made and by which a logical collection of Statements, Receipts and addition relevant media can be grouped.
```

Reviewer: Attempting to communicate that a subject can resolve to a collection of media, including but not limited to statements and receipts.

Reviewer 2: Can you elaborate a bit. The subject is on the header of a statement. A statement payload can be anything, including a receipt that is re-registered. But, it's still a statement.

Reviewer: its less to do with "subject" which is a text string... and more to do with "logical collection of..." which is limited to specific media types or is not... current text suggests its limited, I disagree with that.

Reviewer: I withdraw the section.

It is possible that there are multiple Statements about the same Artifact.

> In these cases, Issuers use `Subject` to create a coherent sequence of Signed Statements about the same Artifact and Verifiers can leverage `Subject` to ensure completeness and Non-equivocation across Statements by identifying all Transparent Statements associated to a specific one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these cases, distinct Issuers might agree to use `Subject` to create a coherent sequence of Signed Statements about the same Artifact and Verifiers can leverage `Subject` to ensure completeness and Non-equivocation across Statements by identifying all Transparent Statements associated to a specific one.
```

Reviewer: Add an example after this, where the issuers are library authors and the subject is a library with multiple dependencies.

> In these cases, distinct Issuers might agree to use `Subject` to create a coherent sequence of Signed Statements about the same Artifact and Verifiers can leverage `Subject` to ensure completeness and Non-equivocation across Statements by identifying all Transparent Statements associated to a specific one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these cases, distinct Issuers might agree to use `Subject` to create a coherent sequence of Signed Statements about the same Artifact and Verifiers can leverage `Subject` to ensure completeness and Non-equivocation across Statements by identifying all Transparent Statements associated to a specific subject.
```

> In SCITT Statements and Receipts, `Subject` is a member of the COSE header parameter `15: CWT_Claims` within the protected header of a COSE envelope.

Reviewer 3: Also does that not need to be fixed here?

```suggestion
In SCITT Statements and Receipts, `sub` is a member of the COSE header parameter `15: CWT_Claims` within the protected header of a COSE envelope.
```

Subject:

> : an identifier that represents the organization, device, user, entity or Artifact about which Statements (and Receipts) are made and by which a logical collection of Statements can be grouped.

Author: ```suggestion
: an identifier that represents the organization, device, user, entity or Artifact about which Statements (and Receipts) are made and by which a logical collection of Statements can be grouped. A Subject refers to whatever the Issuer wants it to refer to. Examples include the Signed Statement or the Statements (payload of the Signed Statement).
```

Author: A little bit more colloquial, but maybe it is even better to be silent on this?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: an identifier, defined by the Issuer, that represents the organization, device, user, entity, or Artifact about which Statements (and Receipts) are made and by which a logical collection of Statements can be grouped.
```

It is possible that there are multiple Statements about the same Artifact.

> In these cases, distinct Issuers ('iss') might agree to use the `sub` CWT Claim to create a coherent sequence of Signed Statements about the same Artifact and Verifiers can leverage `sub` to ensure completeness and Non-equivocation across Statements by identifying all Transparent Statements associated to a specific subject.

Reviewer 3: Minor, non-blocking recommendation to make the formatting consistent between iss and the following referenced to sub in code fences that designate it is syntax.

```suggestion
In these cases, distinct Issuers (`iss`) might agree to use the `sub` CWT Claim to create a coherent sequence of Signed Statements about the same Artifact and Verifiers can leverage `sub` to ensure completeness and Non-equivocation across Statements by identifying all Transparent Statements associated to a specific subject.
```
